Plot language (#2239)
bootstrapworld/curriculum: lessons/Algebra2/exploring-linear-models/langs/en-us/index.adoc

=== Synthesize

> - Share your scatter plots with one another. _(Perhaps by copying and pasting the scatter plots into a shared document, and then labeling those visualizations?)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Share your scatter plots with one another. _(Perhaps by copying and pasting them into a shared document.)_
```
